All right, so now your job is to do
the same thing for our banner, right,
which should be dynamically loaded,
right, still in this case.
And whatever styles you want,
turn the text red, I don't care, right?
The point is we wanna
make a banner.module.css.
And then we wanna see what happens
to both the files you'd output as we
build it as well as in development
when we look at the network tab.
And what I would encourage you
to do is try it both ways,
see what the difference is.
Do a little bit of science, right?
What happens if I
dynamically import banner?
What happens if I don't?
How does that change how
the bundle is built?
Because developing a little
bit of an intuitive
understanding of what different decisions
in the way you structure your code.
What that does to your build process means
you can spend more time about writing code
in a way that ends up being performant and
less time tweaking little things that you
copy and paste it from stack overflow
into a certain build tool.config.js.
And hoping for the best and
then wondering why it doesn't work, right?
Basically we follow a certain set of
coding standards that are just effectively
performant ways to write JavaScript.
Vite will handle a lot of it for
us, and we'll get it for free.
So try to do it with the dynamic
import of banner.js, try it without.
See what happens if you
make it .module.css,
see what happens if you don't, right?
And we can kind of do a little bit
science, like less about what I told you
how it works and more about you actually
with your hands on seeing how it works,
cuz that's really the way
it's gonna stick for you.
Let's try a few things.
We probably wanna make this dynamic again,
and
a few changes from when I was
just talking in live coding.
Let me change this back to styles and
call this one styles.count.
Mostly cuz I have a count variable here,
and
I don't wanna have to think about how
the hoisting rule is going to affect that.
So we'll kind of keep those separate for
now.
And this is, I think,
a pretty decent convention.
And the other thing is, to see the chunks,
we're gonna just make that dynamic again,
just like we had the very beginning.
So we'll say in this case,
if count is less than 0, we'll say
import('./banner.js').
Then we've got, what was it,
addBanner, yeah.
Cool, and
then we'll do addBanner('Below zero!').
Cool [SOUND].
And that's gotta be in parentheses.
Sweet, all right, so we've got that
in place, so now it's dynamic again.
And then what we're gonna do is
we're gonna make banner.module.css.
We'll say a bannerText.
I normally like kebab case, but
I understand that when I go
pull this into my JavaScript,
it's gonna make me sad, and I'm gonna
have to use square brackets and string.
So I will break my own rules in this case,
and I will make it camel case.
We've got that, and
then we'll just say, I don't know,
font color or just color: red,
that seems legit.
And so we'll have that in place.
And then what we'll do is, just for
science, we will import ,
From banner.module.css.
We'll add it to the class list
Maybe not how I would normally do it,
but it'll work in this case.
I will call container, and it will say
container.classList.add(bannerText) class.
And then we will go ahead and
we'll put it in there as well.
And again, we mostly wanna see this as,
cuz the banner itself will be
dynamic inside the counter.
So we should see all that load as needed,
and
we should see that reflect
in our bundle as well.
And so we should have all that in place.
And let's go take a look.
So I'm gonna go to that
Network tab real quick.
We'll just clear it in this case, and,
We'll go ahead and we'll decrement it.
As you can see that,
then we load the to dynamically.
And if I go to run the build,
All that stuff is getting
broken out as needed,
versus if it was all
needed at the same time,
you would see it all be bundled together
and would all load simultaneously, right?
So how you wanna split it is basically
on how you write your code and
not on how you configure your build tools.
Mark.
>> Do you need to add the CSS extension?
>> Where?
>> The .css.
>> I believe so.
I mean, I don't like that,
I don't ever wanna do that.
So we'll find out together.
Yes, [LAUGH] and depending on what
version of TypeScript you're using and
what version of the ES module spec,
you don't even need to add
.js in some configurations.
Not using Vite right now, but
you do need to have the .css
because I could see it getting
confused otherwise as well.
And most likely, knowing how
the plugins work, it is looking for
this file extension exactly to process it.
Cuz by definition, the browser and/or
node, but more importantly the browser
in this case, doesn't know how to
import a CSS file to begin with, right?
And so we've gotta do something to tell
Vite that we want the CSS file and
not necessarily the .js file.
Cool, so we can see that all
gets dynamically loaded.